Congratulations.
You made it through Async/Await.
Let's take a look back at what we did.
We went back and looked at some synchronous code,
and learned to use Try/Catch blocks for exception handling in our programs.
We learned the Async/Await syntax,
and the implementation of Async/Await with promise chains.
Then we combined our knowledge of Try/Catch and
Async/Await to get some practice with exception handling in Async/Await.
We wrapped up with some discussion of when it's a good idea to use Async/Await,
and when it might not be.
All in all, we covered a lot and
these concepts aren't necessarily easy or straightforward,
but I hope you've gained some confidence to start
trying them out and practicing in your own programs.